[Music]
i'm the seo coach here's to get your
website in shape and to the top of
google
[Music]
you might feel like you're going round
and round in circles with your seo
results well i've got some tricks and
tips to get your seo in shape
number one is going to be when you're
doing a keyword research think about
buyers that could be at the top of the
sales funnel and at the bottom of sales
funnel ready to buy so at the top of the
sales funnel they could be thinking
about things like how to do x or best
ways to complete why or what to consider
when doing zed all around your offering
your service and then bottom of the
sales funnel people ready to buy people
ready to speak yourselves could be
searching for keywords linked to revenue
like best x product or best x service or
retail software best crm provider make
sure you're covering all angles the
sales funnel get your seo in shape
tip two make sure your website isn't
just coaching along so when you're doing
a technical order of your website page
speed is the silent killer of seo the
websites you've probably been there
yourself you've been on a site took
several seconds to load you got bored
headed to a competitor that gave you a
better experience so make sure you check
your page speed on google page speed
insights it will give you actual tips on
how to speed up your website on mobile
and pc try and get that load speed under
one second
so you can experience better conversions
better results for your customers and
more revenue with your seo
[Music]
when it comes to your on-page seo just
having a one two or three page site is
not good enough you need a multi-page
website so if you offer different
products different services or serve
different locations you want a detailed
informative page for each of the main
products services or locations you serve
that way you're providing fresh
well-written high-quality content for
doodle and people when they're searching
on google can find the relevant
information for them understand if you
can help them how you can help them show
examples case studies videos and more
and then link them get in touch with you
a big part of seo is putting out
well-written content and articles on
industry relevant websites a lot of
companies struggle with coming up with
regular fresh ideas for content each and
every month
what you can do is think of common
questions that you get conversations
and sales tools
and start writing about them so it could
be the best way to do something or how
do you do this or how much does
something cost or what should i consider
when it comes to this write regular
articles on it you know there's demand
because your customers your prospects
are asking for it regularly and then
start distributing it on industry
relevant sites building quality links
back to your website
[Music]
remember seo is a marathon it's not a
sprint
[Music]
if you want to get your website and your
seo as fit as a fiddle to improve your
brand positioning your organic traffic
your rankings and most importantly
customers and leads give the guys a web
choice uk.com and shout
[Music]